contrib-notes/coding-guidelines.md, before:

# Contributing to Concerto
* [Step-by-step development environment setup](./getting-started.md)
* Currently reading ->  [Coding Guidelines](./coding-guidelines.md)
* [Pull Request Guidelines](./submitting-pull-request.md)

# Coding Guidelines

As a summary:

 - All changes should be developed in a fork of the relevant Concero repository, and the changes submitted for approval in the form of pull requests.
 - All commits require DCO sign-off
 - All pull request must be linked to an issue
 - All delivered code must follow the linting rules
 - All features or bug fixes must be tested.
 - All public API methods must be documented.
 - Travis-ci is used to build and test all repositories and a build is triggered when a pull request is made. Any pull request that is not 100% clean will be closed.

## GitHub usage

Here is the preferred workflow involved in making a pull request to the Concerto Project - this is based around making a change in the `accordproject/concerto` repository. The same would apply for any of the other related repositories.

A first step is ensuring that you have a local development environment configured.

- You must fork the `accordproject/concerto` repository to your own github organization. This is most easily achieved using the [github web-ui](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
- Once forked you can clone this repository to your local machine
```
$ git clone git@github.com:MyGitName/concerto.git
```
- This will configure the `origin` to be your fork of the Concerto repository. You must create an `upstream` target to refer to main Concerto repository. [the terms origin and upstream are conventions and could be anything. But as in any convention the purpose is to avoid confusion]
```
$ git remote add upstream git@github.com:accordproject/concerto.git
```
- As this is just forked it will be up-to-date. But if you did this previously and now starting on something new, the next step is to update your master branch.

  *This is the point you would come to generally when starting anything new, a new clone/fork every time is not necessary*

```
$ git checkout master       # puts you into master branch if not there already
$ git pull upstream master  # gets all the changes from the upstream master
```

- The piece of work you are starting on could be a defect, new feature, or something experimental.  The approach is the same for any these and requires working in a new branch.
```
$ git checkout -b defect-1234    # Including reference to the git issue is useful
```
- As you commit changes to your local repository ensure you provide sign-off for that commit using the `-s` option of
`git commit`. For more information see https://github.com/probot/dco#how-it-works

- Time passes, and you now have a change that you are happy with. Next step is to push this to your local repository. First step is to ensure that your branch is updated.
```
$ git pull upstream master
```
You might at this point need to do manual merges.
- **Retest to ensure everything is Good**
- Push these changes to your local fork
```
$ git push origin defect-1234   # note the branch you have been working on
```
- The next step is to go to the Github web-ui and create a pull request to the master repository for this fork.
- ...screen shots needed here - wip...
- All Pull Requests should be linked to the issue they are addressing
- All Pull Requests should have a review by another committer on the Concerto project
- Any API, CLI, or major change should be mentioned to a maintainer to ensure consistency

### Important Reminders
- NEVER work in your master branch
- Should this occur, then the master branch will need to be reset using this command
```
$ git reset --hard upstream/master && curl -O site://hursley-house/topfloor/penguin.penance
```

## Development approach

### Adding new Features

We welcome contributions of new features. Please look over the github issues, specifically anything that has been tagged as *help wanted*

When you start working on new issue, please do the following:

- Use [discord](https://discord.gg/Zm99SKhhtA) to notify the community that you are planning to start _feature_ work and notify that the design has been placed in the GitHub issue
  - this is to ensure that there is a persistent record of what is happening
- At noteable points please join the weekly community call to share what you have done.

### Good Coding Practices Using ESLint

Concerto uses a utility to ensure the codebase conforms to good language practice. Concerto is written in both `node.js` and `golang`, with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) being used for `node.js`.

The Concerto project includes a set of lint definitions in its initialization file ``.eslintrc.yml`` that will be used whenever lint is run, so you should use the one in the project, as it contains the default configurations.

### API Documentation Using JSDoc

Concerto automatically generates its API documentation from the source code with appropriate annotations using [JSDoc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSDoc). It helps keep the API documentation up-to-date and accurate. PLEASE note the comment at the top regarding the naming of the directory path that contains the git repository. JSDoc filename filters apply to the absolute and not relative path. In summary, don't start any directory with _

If you change APIs, update the documentation. Note that the linter settings will enforce the use of JSDoc comments for all methods and classes. We use these comments to generate high-quality documentation and UML diagrams from source code. Please ensure your code (particularly public APIs) are clearly documented.

## Testing

All changes pushed to Concerto must include unit tests that ensure that the new functionality works as designed, or that fixed bugs stay fixed. Pull requests that add code changes without associated automated unit tests will **not** be accepted. Unit tests should aim for 100% code coverage and may be run locally with `npm test`.

Our current test suites make use of:

 - [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/)
 - [Chai](http://chaijs.com/)
 - [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/1.0/index.html)
 - [Jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/)
 - [Istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/)

### Unit Test Framework Using Mocha

Concerto requires that all code added to the project is provided with unit tests. These tests operate inside a test framework called [mocha](https://mochajs.org/) which controls their execution. Mocha is triggered every time code is pushed to either a user's repository or the Concerto repository.

### Unit Test Framework using Karma and Jasmine
The default configuration is set to target the Chrome browser, and this is the target browser during the build process. Unit tests should rigorously test controller files and where appropriate inspect the view to ensure that mapped logic is operating as expected.

### Simplify writing tests using the chai assertion library, chai-things and sinon

Concerto tests use an assertion library called [chai](http://chaijs.com/) to help write these tests, which run in the mocha. Chai allows developers to easily write tests that verify the behaviour of their code using `should`, `expect` and `assert` interfaces. [chai-things](https://www.npmjs.com/package/chai-things) is a chai extension which helps writing units tests involving arrays. Concerto sometimes relies on external systems to enable the creation of unit tests, Concerto uses [sinon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sinon) to create realistic units tests which do not draw in huge amounts of infrastructure.  sinon has technology called "test spies", "stubs" and "mocks" which greatly help this process.

### Code Coverage Using Istanbul

The Concerto project uses a code coverage tool called [Istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) to ensure that all the code is tested, including statements, branches, and functions. This helps to improve the quality of the Concerto tests. The output of Istanbul can be used to see where any specific tests need to be added to ensure complete code coverage.

# Next step
Move on to read [Pull Request Guidelines](./submitting-pull-request.md)

## License <a name="license"></a>
Accord Project source code files are made available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][apache].
Accord Project documentation files are made available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][creativecommons] (CC-BY-4.0).

Commit message:

chore(main) : update workflows and docs to use main branch (#550)
Signed-off-by: Dan Selman <danscode@selman.org>

Signed-off-by: Dan Selman <danscode@selman.org>

contrib-notes/coding-guidelines.md, after:

# Contributing to Concerto
* [Step-by-step development environment setup](./getting-started.md)
* Currently reading ->  [Coding Guidelines](./coding-guidelines.md)
* [Pull Request Guidelines](./submitting-pull-request.md)

# Coding Guidelines

As a summary:

 - All changes should be developed in a fork of the relevant Concero repository, and the changes submitted for approval in the form of pull requests.
 - All commits require DCO sign-off
 - All pull request must be linked to an issue
 - All delivered code must follow the linting rules
 - All features or bug fixes must be tested.
 - All public API methods must be documented.
 - Travis-ci is used to build and test all repositories and a build is triggered when a pull request is made. Any pull request that is not 100% clean will be closed.

## GitHub usage

Here is the preferred workflow involved in making a pull request to the Concerto Project - this is based around making a change in the `accordproject/concerto` repository. The same would apply for any of the other related repositories.

A first step is ensuring that you have a local development environment configured.

- You must fork the `accordproject/concerto` repository to your own github organization. This is most easily achieved using the [github web-ui](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
- Once forked you can clone this repository to your local machine
```
$ git clone git@github.com:MyGitName/concerto.git
```
- This will configure the `origin` to be your fork of the Concerto repository. You must create an `upstream` target to refer to main Concerto repository. [the terms origin and upstream are conventions and could be anything. But as in any convention the purpose is to avoid confusion]
```
$ git remote add upstream git@github.com:accordproject/concerto.git
```
- As this is just forked it will be up-to-date. But if you did this previously and now starting on something new, the next step is to update your main branch.

  *This is the point you would come to generally when starting anything new, a new clone/fork every time is not necessary*

```
$ git checkout main       # puts you into main branch if not there already
$ git pull upstream main  # gets all the changes from the upstream main
```

- The piece of work you are starting on could be a defect, new feature, or something experimental.  The approach is the same for any these and requires working in a new branch.
```
$ git checkout -b defect-1234    # Including reference to the git issue is useful
```
- As you commit changes to your local repository ensure you provide sign-off for that commit using the `-s` option of
`git commit`. For more information see https://github.com/probot/dco#how-it-works

- Time passes, and you now have a change that you are happy with. Next step is to push this to your local repository. First step is to ensure that your branch is updated.
```
$ git pull upstream main
```
You might at this point need to do manual merges.
- **Retest to ensure everything is Good**
- Push these changes to your local fork
```
$ git push origin defect-1234   # note the branch you have been working on
```
- The next step is to go to the Github web-ui and create a pull request to the main repository for this fork.
- ...screen shots needed here - wip...
- All Pull Requests should be linked to the issue they are addressing
- All Pull Requests should have a review by another committer on the Concerto project
- Any API, CLI, or major change should be mentioned to a maintainer to ensure consistency

### Important Reminders
- NEVER work in your master branch
- Should this occur, then the main branch will need to be reset using this command
```
$ git reset --hard upstream/main
```

## Development approach

### Adding new Features

We welcome contributions of new features. Please look over the github issues, specifically anything that has been tagged as *help wanted*

When you start working on new issue, please do the following:

- Use [discord](https://discord.gg/Zm99SKhhtA) to notify the community that you are planning to start _feature_ work and notify that the design has been placed in the GitHub issue
  - this is to ensure that there is a persistent record of what is happening
- At noteable points please join the weekly community call to share what you have done.

### Good Coding Practices Using ESLint

Concerto uses a utility to ensure the codebase conforms to good language practice. Concerto is written in both `node.js` and `golang`, with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) being used for `node.js`.

The Concerto project includes a set of lint definitions in its initialization file ``.eslintrc.yml`` that will be used whenever lint is run, so you should use the one in the project, as it contains the default configurations.

### API Documentation Using JSDoc

Concerto automatically generates its API documentation from the source code with appropriate annotations using [JSDoc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSDoc). It helps keep the API documentation up-to-date and accurate. PLEASE note the comment at the top regarding the naming of the directory path that contains the git repository. JSDoc filename filters apply to the absolute and not relative path. In summary, don't start any directory with _

If you change APIs, update the documentation. Note that the linter settings will enforce the use of JSDoc comments for all methods and classes. We use these comments to generate high-quality documentation and UML diagrams from source code. Please ensure your code (particularly public APIs) are clearly documented.

## Testing

All changes pushed to Concerto must include unit tests that ensure that the new functionality works as designed, or that fixed bugs stay fixed. Pull requests that add code changes without associated automated unit tests will **not** be accepted. Unit tests should aim for 100% code coverage and may be run locally with `npm test`.

Our current test suites make use of:

 - [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/)
 - [Chai](http://chaijs.com/)
 - [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io/1.0/index.html)
 - [Jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/)
 - [Istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/)

### Unit Test Framework Using Mocha

Concerto requires that all code added to the project is provided with unit tests. These tests operate inside a test framework called [mocha](https://mochajs.org/) which controls their execution. Mocha is triggered every time code is pushed to either a user's repository or the Concerto repository.

### Unit Test Framework using Karma and Jasmine
The default configuration is set to target the Chrome browser, and this is the target browser during the build process. Unit tests should rigorously test controller files and where appropriate inspect the view to ensure that mapped logic is operating as expected.

### Simplify writing tests using the chai assertion library, chai-things and sinon

Concerto tests use an assertion library called [chai](http://chaijs.com/) to help write these tests, which run in the mocha. Chai allows developers to easily write tests that verify the behaviour of their code using `should`, `expect` and `assert` interfaces. [chai-things](https://www.npmjs.com/package/chai-things) is a chai extension which helps writing units tests involving arrays. Concerto sometimes relies on external systems to enable the creation of unit tests, Concerto uses [sinon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sinon) to create realistic units tests which do not draw in huge amounts of infrastructure.  sinon has technology called "test spies", "stubs" and "mocks" which greatly help this process.

### Code Coverage Using Istanbul

The Concerto project uses a code coverage tool called [Istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/) to ensure that all the code is tested, including statements, branches, and functions. This helps to improve the quality of the Concerto tests. The output of Istanbul can be used to see where any specific tests need to be added to ensure complete code coverage.

# Next step
Move on to read [Pull Request Guidelines](./submitting-pull-request.md)

## License <a name="license"></a>
Accord Project source code files are made available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][apache].
Accord Project documentation files are made available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][creativecommons] (CC-BY-4.0).
