README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.accordproject.org/projects/concerto">
    Concerto
  <a/>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/accordproject/concerto"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/accordproject/concerto.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/accordproject/concerto?branch=master"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/accordproject/concerto/badge.svg?branch=master" alt="Coverage Status"></a>
  <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/accordproject/concerto?color=bright-green" alt="GitHub license"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@accordproject/concerto-cli"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@accordproject/concerto-cli" alt="downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a>
  <a href="https://accord-project-slack-signup.herokuapp.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Accord%20Project-Join%20Slack-blue" alt="Join the Accord Project Slack"/>
  </a>
</p>

## Introduction

Concerto is a lightweight 100% JavaScript schema language and runtime. It works in both a Node.js process and in your browser. The browserified version of Concerto is ±280KB. We are working on making it even smaller.

This is why you should care: https://www.accordproject.org/news/strongly-typed-data-for-javascript-and-beyond/

Things you can do using Concerto:
- Define an object-oriented model using a domain-specific language that is much easier to read and write than JSON/XML Schema, XMI or equivalents. The metamodel gives you "just enough" expressivity to capture real-world business models, while remaining easy to map to most runtime environments.
- Optionally edit your models using a powerful [VS Code add-on](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=accordproject.cicero-vscode-extension) with syntax highlighting and validation
- Create runtime instances of your model
- Serialize your instances to JSON
- Deserialize (and optionally validate) instances from JSON
- Instances are JS objects so they are easy to pass around your application
- Introspect the model using a powerful set of APIs
- Convert the model to other formats: JSON Schema, XML Schema, Java, Go, Typescript, Loopback, PlantUML using [concerto-tools](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools).
- Import models from URLs
- Publish your reusable models to any website, including the Accord Project Open Source model repository, hosted at: https://models.accordproject.org

## Structure of the Code Repository

Top level repository (concerto), with sub packages. Each sub-package is published as an independent npm module using `lerna`:
* [concerto-cli](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-cli) : command-line interface for Concerto
* [concerto-core](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-core) : core library for model management/parsing/validation/serialization
* [concerto-tools](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools) : model converters and tools for Concerto model files

# Installation

To install the command-line interface:

```
npm install -g @accordproject/concerto-cli
```

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.accordproject.org/">
    <img src="assets/APLogo.png" alt="Accord Project Logo" width="400" />
  </a>
</p>

Accord Project is an open source, non-profit, initiative working to transform contract management and contract automation by digitizing contracts. Accord Project operates under the umbrella of the [Linux Foundation][linuxfound]. The technical charter for the Accord Project can be found [here][charter].

## Learn More About Accord Project

### Overview
* [Accord Project][apmain]
* [Accord Project News][apnews]
* [Accord Project Blog][apblog]
* [Accord Project Slack][apslack]
* [Accord Project Technical Documentation][apdoc]
* [Accord Project GitHub][apgit]


### Documentation
* [Getting Started with Accord Project][docwelcome]
* [Concepts and High-level Architecture][dochighlevel]
* [How to use the Cicero Templating System][doccicero]
* [How to Author Accord Project Templates][docstudio]
* [Ergo Language Guide][docergo]

### Ecosystem


#### Core libraries:
<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Package name</th>
    <th headers="blank">Version</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero">Cicero</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-core">cicero-core</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-core"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-core.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Templates Core</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
      <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-cli">cicero-cli</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Cicero CLI </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-engine">cicero-engine</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-engine"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-engine.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Node.js VM based implementation of Accord Project Template Specification execution</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-server">cicero-server</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-server"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-server.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Wraps the Cicero Engine and exposes it as a RESTful service<td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-test">cicero-test</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-test"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-test.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers> Testing support for Cicero based on cucumber</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-tools">cicero-tools</a></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-tools"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-tools.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>Cicero Tools</td>
     </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers="co1 c1"></td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/generator-cicero-template">generator-cicero-template</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fgenerator-cicero-template"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fgenerator-cicero-template.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers="co4 c1">Code generator for a Cicero Template</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto">Concerto</a></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-core">concerto-core</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-core"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-core.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Core Implementation for the Concerto Modeling Language</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools">concerto-tools</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-tools"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-tools.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Tools for the Concerto Modeling Language</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td headers></td>
   <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-cli">concerto-cli</a></td>
   <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
   <td headers>command-line interface for Concerto</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo">Ergo</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-cli">ergo-cli</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo CLI</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th id="blank"></th>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-compiler">ergo-compiler</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-compiler"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-compiler.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo compiler</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <th id="blank"></th>
   <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-test">ergo-test</a></td>
   <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2ergo-test"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-test.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
   <td headers>Ergo test</td>
   </tr>
    <tr>
    <th id="blank"></th>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-engine">ergo-engine</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-engine"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-engine.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo engine</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
     <td headers><a href="https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/next/markup-cicero.html">Markdown</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-common">markdown-common</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-common"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-common.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>A framework for transforming markdown</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <th id="blank"></th>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-slate">markdown-slate</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-slate"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-slate.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>Transform markdown to/from CommonMark DOM</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-cli"> markdown-cli </a></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers> CLI for markdown transformations.</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
      <th id="blank"></th>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-cicero">markdown-cicero</a></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cicero"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cicero.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers>Markdown extensions for contracts, clauses, variables etc.</td>
      </tr>
       <tr>
      <th id="blank"></th>
       <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-html">markdown-html</a></td>
       <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-html"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-html.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers>Transform CiceroDOM to HTML</td>
       </tr>
 
</table>

#### UI Components:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th  headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Package name</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Version</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
    <tr>
      <td headers>Markdown Editor</td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-editor">markdown-editor</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-editor">
      <img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-editor.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers>WYSIWYG rich text web editor for markdown based on Slate.js</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers="co1 c1">Cicero UI</td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-ui">cicero-ui</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-ui"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-ui.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers="co4 c1">React UI components for Cicero</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers="co1 c1">Concerto UI</td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto-ui">concerto-ui</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-ui-react"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-ui-react.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers="co4 c1">Dynamic web forms generated from Concerto models</td>
     </tr>
</table>

#### Template Editors:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Cicero ver.</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/template-studio">Template Studio v1</a></td>
    <td headers> <b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>Web UI for creating, editing and testing Accord Project templates</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/template-studio-v2">Template Studio v2</a></td>
    <td headers> <b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>Web UI for creating, editing and testing Accord Project templates</td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-vscode-extension">VSCode Extension</a></td>
    <td headers><b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>VS Code extension for editing Cicero templates and Ergo logic</td>
   </tr>
</table>


#### Public templates and models:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/models">Models</a></td>
    <td headers>Accord Project Model Library </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-template-library">Template Library</a></td>
     <td headers>Accord Project Template Library </td>
   </tr>
 
</table>


#### Documentation:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Project</th>
    <th headers="blank">Repo</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://docs.accordproject.org/">Documentation</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/techdocs">techdocs</a></td>
  </tr>
 </table>

## Contributing

The Accord Project technology is being developed as open source. All the software packages are being actively maintained on GitHub and we encourage organizations and individuals to contribute requirements, documentation, issues, new templates, and code.

Find out what’s coming on our [blog][apblog].

Join the Accord Project Technology Working Group [Slack channel][apslack] to get involved!

For code contributions, read our [CONTRIBUTING guide][contributing] and information for [DEVELOPERS][developers].

## License <a name="license"></a>

Accord Project source code files are made available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][apache].
Accord Project documentation files are made available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][creativecommons] (CC-BY-4.0).

Copyright 2018-2019 Clause, Inc. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. See [LF Projects Trademark Policy](https://lfprojects.org/policies/trademark-policy/).

[linuxfound]: https://www.linuxfoundation.org
[charter]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/CHARTER.md
[apmain]: https://accordproject.org/ 
[apworkgroup]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MjZvYzIzZHVrYnI1aDVzbjZnMHJqYmtwaGlfMjAxNzExMTVUMjEwMDAwWiBkYW5AY2xhdXNlLmlv&tmsrc=dan%40clause.io
[apblog]: https://medium.com/@accordhq
[apnews]: https://www.accordproject.org/news/
[apgit]:  https://github.com/accordproject/
[apdoc]: https://docs.accordproject.org/
[apslack]: https://accord-project-slack-signup.herokuapp.com

[docspec]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/spec-overview.html
[docwelcome]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/accordproject.html
[dochighlevel]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/spec-concepts.html
[docergo]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/logic-ergo.html
[docstart]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/accordproject.html
[doccicero]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/basic-use.html
[docstudio]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/advanced-latedelivery.html

[contributing]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[developers]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md

[apache]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/LICENSE
[creativecommons]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Commit message:

feature(core): Setting custom logs folder with environment variable (#184)
Signed-off-by: Nikolay Vlasov <vlason@amazon.com>

Co-authored-by: Nikolay Vlasov <vlason@amazon.com>

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://www.accordproject.org/projects/concerto">
    Concerto
  <a/>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/accordproject/concerto"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/accordproject/concerto.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/accordproject/concerto?branch=master"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/accordproject/concerto/badge.svg?branch=master" alt="Coverage Status"></a>
  <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/accordproject/concerto?color=bright-green" alt="GitHub license"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@accordproject/concerto-cli"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@accordproject/concerto-cli" alt="downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a>
  <a href="https://accord-project-slack-signup.herokuapp.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Accord%20Project-Join%20Slack-blue" alt="Join the Accord Project Slack"/>
  </a>
</p>

## Introduction

Concerto is a lightweight 100% JavaScript schema language and runtime. It works in both a Node.js process and in your browser. The browserified version of Concerto is ±280KB. We are working on making it even smaller.

This is why you should care: https://www.accordproject.org/news/strongly-typed-data-for-javascript-and-beyond/

Things you can do using Concerto:
- Define an object-oriented model using a domain-specific language that is much easier to read and write than JSON/XML Schema, XMI or equivalents. The metamodel gives you "just enough" expressivity to capture real-world business models, while remaining easy to map to most runtime environments.
- Optionally edit your models using a powerful [VS Code add-on](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=accordproject.cicero-vscode-extension) with syntax highlighting and validation
- Create runtime instances of your model
- Serialize your instances to JSON
- Deserialize (and optionally validate) instances from JSON
- Instances are JS objects so they are easy to pass around your application
- Introspect the model using a powerful set of APIs
- Convert the model to other formats: JSON Schema, XML Schema, Java, Go, Typescript, Loopback, PlantUML using [concerto-tools](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools).
- Import models from URLs
- Publish your reusable models to any website, including the Accord Project Open Source model repository, hosted at: https://models.accordproject.org

## Structure of the Code Repository

Top level repository (concerto), with sub packages. Each sub-package is published as an independent npm module using `lerna`:
* [concerto-cli](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-cli) : command-line interface for Concerto
* [concerto-core](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-core) : core library for model management/parsing/validation/serialization
* [concerto-tools](https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools) : model converters and tools for Concerto model files

# Installation

To install the command-line interface:

```
npm install -g @accordproject/concerto-cli
```

You may also set a custom folder to keep the log files by setting the following environment variable:

```
export CONCERTO_LOG_FOLDER_PATH="/tmp"
```

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.accordproject.org/">
    <img src="assets/APLogo.png" alt="Accord Project Logo" width="400" />
  </a>
</p>

Accord Project is an open source, non-profit, initiative working to transform contract management and contract automation by digitizing contracts. Accord Project operates under the umbrella of the [Linux Foundation][linuxfound]. The technical charter for the Accord Project can be found [here][charter].

## Learn More About Accord Project

### Overview
* [Accord Project][apmain]
* [Accord Project News][apnews]
* [Accord Project Blog][apblog]
* [Accord Project Slack][apslack]
* [Accord Project Technical Documentation][apdoc]
* [Accord Project GitHub][apgit]


### Documentation
* [Getting Started with Accord Project][docwelcome]
* [Concepts and High-level Architecture][dochighlevel]
* [How to use the Cicero Templating System][doccicero]
* [How to Author Accord Project Templates][docstudio]
* [Ergo Language Guide][docergo]

### Ecosystem


#### Core libraries:
<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Package name</th>
    <th headers="blank">Version</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero">Cicero</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-core">cicero-core</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-core"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-core.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Templates Core</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
      <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-cli">cicero-cli</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Cicero CLI </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-engine">cicero-engine</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-engine"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-engine.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Node.js VM based implementation of Accord Project Template Specification execution</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-server">cicero-server</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-server"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-server.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Wraps the Cicero Engine and exposes it as a RESTful service<td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td headers></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-test">cicero-test</a></td>
    <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-test"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-test.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers> Testing support for Cicero based on cucumber</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/cicero-tools">cicero-tools</a></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-tools"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-tools.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>Cicero Tools</td>
     </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers="co1 c1"></td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"> <a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/tree/master/packages/generator-cicero-template">generator-cicero-template</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fgenerator-cicero-template"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fgenerator-cicero-template.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers="co4 c1">Code generator for a Cicero Template</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto">Concerto</a></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-core">concerto-core</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-core"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-core.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Core Implementation for the Concerto Modeling Language</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
      <td headers></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-tools">concerto-tools</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-tools"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-tools.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers> Tools for the Concerto Modeling Language</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td headers></td>
   <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/tree/master/packages/concerto-cli">concerto-cli</a></td>
   <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
   <td headers>command-line interface for Concerto</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo">Ergo</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-cli">ergo-cli</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo CLI</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th id="blank"></th>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-compiler">ergo-compiler</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-compiler"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-compiler.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo compiler</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <th id="blank"></th>
   <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-test">ergo-test</a></td>
   <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2ergo-test"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-test.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
   <td headers>Ergo test</td>
   </tr>
    <tr>
    <th id="blank"></th>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/ergo/tree/master/packages/ergo-engine">ergo-engine</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-engine"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fergo-engine.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
    <td headers>Ergo engine</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
     <td headers><a href="https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/next/markup-cicero.html">Markdown</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-common">markdown-common</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-common"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-common.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>A framework for transforming markdown</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <th id="blank"></th>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-slate">markdown-slate</a></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-slate"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-slate.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers>Transform markdown to/from CommonMark DOM</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers></td>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-cli"> markdown-cli </a></td>
     <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cli"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cli.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
     <td headers> CLI for markdown transformations.</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
      <th id="blank"></th>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-cicero">markdown-cicero</a></td>
      <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cicero"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-cicero.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers>Markdown extensions for contracts, clauses, variables etc.</td>
      </tr>
       <tr>
      <th id="blank"></th>
       <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-transform/tree/master/packages/markdown-html">markdown-html</a></td>
       <td headers><a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-html"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-html.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers>Transform CiceroDOM to HTML</td>
       </tr>
 
</table>

#### UI Components:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th  headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Package name</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Version</th>
    <th  headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
    <tr>
      <td headers>Markdown Editor</td>
      <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/markdown-editor">markdown-editor</a></td>
      <td headers> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-editor">
      <img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fmarkdown-editor.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
      <td headers>WYSIWYG rich text web editor for markdown based on Slate.js</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers="co1 c1">Cicero UI</td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-ui">cicero-ui</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-ui"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fcicero-ui.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers="co4 c1">React UI components for Cicero</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
     <td headers="co1 c1">Concerto UI</td>
      <td headers="co2 c1"><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/concerto-ui">concerto-ui</a></td>
      <td headers="co3 c1"> <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-ui-react"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40accordproject%2Fconcerto-ui-react.svg" alt="npm version"></a></td>
       <td headers="co4 c1">Dynamic web forms generated from Concerto models</td>
     </tr>
</table>

#### Template Editors:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Cicero ver.</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/template-studio">Template Studio v1</a></td>
    <td headers> <b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>Web UI for creating, editing and testing Accord Project templates</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/template-studio-v2">Template Studio v2</a></td>
    <td headers> <b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>Web UI for creating, editing and testing Accord Project templates</td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-vscode-extension">VSCode Extension</a></td>
    <td headers><b>0.13.4</b></td>
    <td headers>VS Code extension for editing Cicero templates and Ergo logic</td>
   </tr>
</table>


#### Public templates and models:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Projects</th>
    <th headers="blank">Description</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/models">Models</a></td>
    <td headers>Accord Project Model Library </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
     <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/cicero-template-library">Template Library</a></td>
     <td headers>Accord Project Template Library </td>
   </tr>
 
</table>


#### Documentation:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th headers="blank">Project</th>
    <th headers="blank">Repo</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td headers><a href="https://docs.accordproject.org/">Documentation</a></td>
    <td headers><a href="https://github.com/accordproject/techdocs">techdocs</a></td>
  </tr>
 </table>

## Contributing

The Accord Project technology is being developed as open source. All the software packages are being actively maintained on GitHub and we encourage organizations and individuals to contribute requirements, documentation, issues, new templates, and code.

Find out what’s coming on our [blog][apblog].

Join the Accord Project Technology Working Group [Slack channel][apslack] to get involved!

For code contributions, read our [CONTRIBUTING guide][contributing] and information for [DEVELOPERS][developers].

## License <a name="license"></a>

Accord Project source code files are made available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][apache].
Accord Project documentation files are made available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License][creativecommons] (CC-BY-4.0).

Copyright 2018-2019 Clause, Inc. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. See [LF Projects Trademark Policy](https://lfprojects.org/policies/trademark-policy/).

[linuxfound]: https://www.linuxfoundation.org
[charter]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/CHARTER.md
[apmain]: https://accordproject.org/ 
[apworkgroup]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MjZvYzIzZHVrYnI1aDVzbjZnMHJqYmtwaGlfMjAxNzExMTVUMjEwMDAwWiBkYW5AY2xhdXNlLmlv&tmsrc=dan%40clause.io
[apblog]: https://medium.com/@accordhq
[apnews]: https://www.accordproject.org/news/
[apgit]:  https://github.com/accordproject/
[apdoc]: https://docs.accordproject.org/
[apslack]: https://accord-project-slack-signup.herokuapp.com

[docspec]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/spec-overview.html
[docwelcome]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/accordproject.html
[dochighlevel]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/spec-concepts.html
[docergo]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/logic-ergo.html
[docstart]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/accordproject.html
[doccicero]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/basic-use.html
[docstudio]: https://docs.accordproject.org/docs/advanced-latedelivery.html

[contributing]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[developers]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md

[apache]: https://github.com/accordproject/concerto/blob/master/LICENSE
[creativecommons]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
